[Music]
hi
i'm divya sharma also known as dr bol
and welcome to
small budget big flavors where i'll be
showing you how to combine great food
and fine dining
all in a cost-effective way and today
i'm going to be showing you how to cook
a perfect meal for a family of four
[Music]
i'll be making a tuna pasta bake i love
this recipe
it's easy it's delicious it's packed
full of protein and i bet you'll already
have most ingredients in your kitchen
cupboard
so let's get started
so the first thing we need to do is
preheat our oven to 180 degrees
and then we can start making our pasta
i'm using rigatoni pasta
so instead of rigatoni pasta we could
use another pasta like
penne or fruity they both would work
really well in this recipe
so we need to cook the pasta as per
packet instructions but two minutes
less than what it stated so now we're
ready to make our sauce
so we need to pop some butter
and then add in some flour and we
keep mixing until we get that roux that
paste
like consistency and this may take a few
minutes
now we've got that paste consistency we
can add
our milk this part is really crucial you
need to be
very gentle slowly do it very gradually
and keep mixing as you do that because
we want a nice smooth consistency rather
than a lumpy consistency
so just add the milk very slowly
and keep mixing
[Music]
so now you can see the sauce is really
thickened turn it off the heat
and just add in a handful of cheese
so i've used cheddar cheese but you
could use another cheese like
maybe a stronger blue cheese and just
keep mixing
until all the cheese is melted and the
sauce is done
[Music]
so we've drained our pasta and now we
just need to add the pasta to the sauce
give it a really good mix so all the
pasta is nicely coated
[Music]
so we just need to add in our tuna i'm
using canned
tunas that are fresh as it's much much
cheaper
and then again give it a really good
stir so it's all incorporated
and then we can add in our sweet corn
i've used tin sweet corn
but again you could use frozen sweet
corn or actually even another vegetable
like peas or broccoli
they'd work really nice as well with
this recipe
mix it all well
[Music]
so now everything's incorporated we can
transfer it to our baking dish
[Music]
and just level it out and then the last
part we need to put some parsley
if you don't have any chopped parsley
you could use basil
and then the final part is just putting
the rest of the cheese on top
i'm using cheddar cheese but you could
use like a mozzarella
so this recipe serves four but as i've
got a family of three there should be
plenty
and now we're ready to pop it in the
oven for about 30 minutes so we get that
golden crusty layer of cheese
[Music]
so who doesn't love a tuna pasta bake
it's cheesy
warming hearty and so easy to make now
i'm going to feed my family of three and
i'm sure i'll come back with empty
[Music]
plates
you